oh hello hello yeah I just wanted to
leave this message for you I'm after
your performance at Freddy fazbear's
pizza I couldn't think of a better
person to hire for this job so recently
we've been having a lot of complaints
here at the hotel of all animatronic
animals coming in in the middle of the
night getting frisky oh this this
wouldn't be such a problem if they
didn't get very violent with the gas so
so I've got this vacant room here and we
just want to make sure it stays vacant
until we actually get a guest in here
you won't have to make it through five
nights but um yeah you might find it
difficult to get through one yeah if
there is anyone who could do it I
imagine that would be you well good luck
Oh for to be seen here ain't for human
eyes now I would get rid of them eyes
for you thank you so much for watching
everyone please hit that like button and
subscribe to Winky Dink media if you
haven't already also this picture in
front of you is a screenshot from my
original series Oh No it's kind of like
an Adult Swim type show and I'm working
on the third episode I planned a bit out
pretty soon so there's a link to the
playlist where you can actually get
caught up so check it out if you haven't
already
alright everyone I'll see you next time
peace out homies